Well that's it we're done.
I'm going to quickly recap what we covered.
Quick differences between Cartland and Java data types.
All the good object oriented stuff like classes and interfaces and inheritance generics collections
lambda expressions file IO and Java interoperability.
And there were a few other topics thrown in for good measure.
I hope you found the Course helpful and feel that you can now get started with Katlin And keep in mind
that it's not all or nothing because cotland is interoperable with Java.
You can ease yourself in rather than having to use only Cartland from this point forward.
And best of all you can leverage all your Java knowledge because everything in the JDK is still there
for you to use.
If you think this course would be useful for other Java developers who want to learn Katlin consider
leaving a review to let other students know that the Course would be a good investment for them and
let me know in the Q&A section for this video.
What you think about CANTLIN do you think it's an improvement over Java.
Are there things you really like about it or something you don't like about it.
Do you think you'll start using it.
Let us know in the Q&A section.
Now for more tech courses check out learn programming academies courses learn programming daughter Academy.
There are courses on Java Python Java certification and even an android lib GDX course for game developers
and there's a ton of new courses on the way as well including C-Sharp javascript ph P Ruby and a lot
more now probably the most relevant course for you will be Tim Machakos Android app development with
Koplin.
If it's not already released by the time you're watching this video it won't be too far off.
When the course will be released because he's working on the course at the same time I'm working on
this one.
So if you're interested in writing Android apps in cotland that's the course to check out the latest
courses will always be listed in the last lecture of this course.
And of course there will be coupon codes there for the courses as well.
Now I'm also working on another course which should be released by the end of this year 2017.
So stay tuned for news about that.
OK that's it.
So now it's time for you to go forth and code great Koplin apps.
I'll see you out there.